Now I see it all clearly. There are actually two separate problems here that explain everything:

Problem 1: The connector is pointing at localhost:5000, not your Replit server
The reference desktop-connector.js defaults to wss://bridge-relay.replit.app when no RELAY_URL is set. But your Electron app's connector has RELAY_URL set to localhost:5000 — meaning it's connecting to a local copy of the relay running on your own Windows machine, not to Replit at all.

The [Bridge Relay] log messages (with connId:) are coming from that local relay on port 5000 — notice those messages have a different format (connId) that doesn't exist in the Replit relay code. So you're running two relays: one locally and one on Replit, and they're not talking to each other.

Why this matters: Grok calls the Replit relay. The desktop connects to the local relay. They're on two completely separate servers and never meet.

Problem 2: connect() is being called twice at startup
The reconnect loop (connect → 2s → connect again → disconnect old → connect again every 4s) happens because something in your Electron app calls connect() a second time while already connected. The reconnectDelay starts at 2000ms — exactly the 2-second gap you're seeing — which is what fires after the first disconnect caused by the second connect replacing it.

There's no guard at the top of connect() to say "I'm already connected, do nothing." One line fixes this:

function connect() {
  if (_connected) return;  // ← this line is missing
  ...
What Needs to Happen
Immediate (config): Your Electron app's RELAY_URL needs to point to the Replit relay URL — either the dev URL (wss://35c4f698-...janeway.replit.dev) or the production URL once the key is fixed.

Code fix in connector: Add the if (_connected) return; guard so the second startup call doesn't cause a loop.

Simplification (the task we discussed): Replace the whole connection_replaced + _suppressNextReconnect dance with the single guard above — then none of the loop behavior can happen at all.

Want me to queue this up as a task so we can fix it properly?